fix: the versioning/object lock documentation appropriately (#9988)
Minio-io/minio: docs/bucket/retention/README.md

PutObject API allows setting per object retention mode and retention duration using `x-amz-object-lock-mode` and `x-amz-object-lock-retain-until-date` headers. This takes precedence over any bucket object lock configuration w.r.t retention.

```sh
aws s3api put-object --bucket testbucket --key lockme --object-lock-mode GOVERNANCE --object-lock-retain-until-date "2019-11-20"  --body /etc/issue
```

See https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/dev/object-lock-overview.html for AWS S3 spec on object locking and permissions required for object retention and governance bypass overrides.

### Set legal hold on an object

PutObject API allows setting legal hold using `x-amz-object-lock-legal-hold` header.

```sh
aws s3api put-object --bucket testbucket --key legalhold --object-lock-legal-hold-status ON --body /etc/issue
```

See https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/dev/object-lock-overview.html for AWS S3 spec on object locking and permissions required for specifying legal hold.

## Concepts
- If an object is under legal hold, it cannot be deleted unless the legal hold is explicitly removed for the respective version id. DeleteObjectVersion() would fail otherwise.

> - In `Compliance` mode, objects cannot be deleted by anyone until retention period is expired for the respective version id. If user has requisite governance bypass permissions, an object's retention date can be extended in `Compliance` mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- In `Compliance` mode, objects cannot be deleted by anyone until retention period is expired for the respective version id. An object's retention date can be extended in `Compliance` mode.
```

MinIO server allows WORM for specific objects or by configuring a bucket with default object lock configuration that applies default retention mode and retention duration to all objects. This makes objects in the bucket immutable i.e. delete and overwrite are not allowed until an expiry specified in the bucket's object lock configuration or object retention.

Object locking requires locking to be enabled on a bucket at the time of bucket creation, object locking also automatically enables versioning on the bucket. In addition, a default retention period and retention mode can be configured on a bucket to be applied to objects created in that bucket.

Independent of retention, an object can also be under legal hold. This effectively disallows all deletes and overwrites of an object under legal hold until the legal hold is removed by an API call.

## Get Started

### 1. Prerequisites

- Install MinIO - [MinIO Quickstart Guide](https://docs.min.io/docs/minio-quickstart-guide)
- Install `awscli` - [Installing AWS Command Line Interface](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/userguide/cli-chap-install.html)

### 2. Set bucket WORM configuration

> WORM on a bucket is enabled by setting object lock configuration. This configuration is applied to existing and new objects in the bucket. Below is an example sets `Governance` mode and one day retention time from object creation time of all objects in `mybucket`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
WORM on a bucket is enabled by setting object lock configuration. This configuration is applied to newly created versions of objects in the bucket. Below is an example sets `Governance` mode and one day retention time from object creation time of newly created versions of the objects in `mybucket`.
```
